README.md, before:

# firmware
- Augmentation to the ONF Core IM for managing firmware on the device.
- Thorsten Heinze (Thorsten.Heinze@openBackhaul.com)

### Branch
- 1.0.0-tsp.d.t : Model for the Transport SDN Introduction at Telefonica

### UML
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620.zip)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510.zip)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700.zip)

### Overview 
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620+overview.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620+overview.1.png)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510+overview.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510+overview.1.png)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+overview.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+overview.1.png)

### GenDoc Export
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620+gendoc.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620+gendoc.1.docx)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510+gendoc.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510+gendoc.1.docx)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+gendoc.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+gendoc.1.docx)

### Augmentation Condition
- Unconditioned augmentation statement.

### YANG File
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620+yang.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210304.1620+yang.1.zip)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510+yang.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210316.1510+yang.1.zip)
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+yang.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+yang.1.zip)

### JSON Schema
- to be provided

### Interface Simulator
- to be provided

### Interface Validator
- to be provided

### Publication
- Candidate for ONF TR-532 v2.0

### Aspired Model Classification
- Live Network

### Open Issue List
- [firmware/issues](../../issues)

### Comments
./.

Commit message:

Out-dated versions deleted and back-up-and-restore requirements

README.md, after:

# firmware
- Augmentation to the ONF Core IM for managing firmware on the device.
- Thorsten Heinze (Thorsten.Heinze@openBackhaul.com)

### Branch
- 1.0.0-tsp.d.t : Model for the Transport SDN Introduction at Telefonica

### UML
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700.zip)

### Overview 
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+overview.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+overview.1.png)

### GenDoc Export
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+gendoc.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+gendoc.1.docx)

### Augmentation Condition
- Unconditioned augmentation statement.

### YANG File
- [Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+yang.1](./Firmware_1.0.0-tsp.210401.1700+yang.1.zip)

### Interface Validator
- to be provided

### Publication
- Candidate for ONF TR-532 v2.0

### Aspired Model Classification
- Live Network

### Open Issue List
- [firmware/issues](../../issues)

### Comments
- Potential expansion by Back-Up-And-Restore function under discussion ([requirements](./BackUpAndRestore/BackUpAndRestoreRequirements.md)).
